Cloud Computing is a way of using information technology(IT) that has these 5 equally important traits:-
1)Customers get computing resources that are on-demand and self-service.Through web interface,users get the processing power,storage and net work they require without the 
need for human intervention.
2)Customers get access to those resources over the internet ,from anywhere.
3)The provider of those resources allocates them to users out of that pool.That allows the users to buy in bulk,leading to cost saving.Customers dont have to know the exact
physical location of those resources.
4)Resources are elastic which means they are flexible,so customers can be.
5)Customers pay only for what they use,or reserve as they go.

Q)Why is the cloud model so compelling now?
Ans=>To understand this,we need to go back to history,the trend towards cloud computing started with the first wave known as co-location.Co-Location gave the users the 
     financial efficiency of renting physical space instead of renting data center real estate.
     Virtualized data centres of today,which are the second wave,share similarities with the private data centers and co-location facilities of decades past.The components 
     of virtualized data centers match the physical building blocks of hosted computing servers,CPU(s),disks,load balances,and so on.But now they are virtual devices.
     With virtualization,enterprises still maintain the infrastructure which also remains a user controlled and use a configured environment.Several years ago,Google realized
     that this buisness couldn't move fast enough within the confines of the virtualized model.Google switched to a container-based architecture,a fuly automated ,elastic
     third wave cloud that consists of a combination of automated services and scalable data.
     Services automatically provision and configured the infrastructure used to run applications.Today,Google cloud makes its third wave cloud available to Google customers.
     Google believes that in future,every company regardless of its size or industry will differentiate itself from its competitors through technology.
     
     Increasingly,that technology will be in the form of software.Great software is based on high quality data.This means that every company is,or will eventually become a data
     company.
